Pull Request for the Issue #454 (#1030)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/netadapter/set-netadapterpowermanagement.md

> ## NOTES

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> It is necessary to know, that property **AllowComputerToTurnOffDevice** is not configurable with the **Set-NetAdapterPowermanagement** command, this property is only shown as a result of the application of the **Get-NetAdapterPowermanagement** command, but it can not be established as a value to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> The property **AllowComputerToTurnOffDevice** is not configurable with the **Set-NetAdapterPowermanagement** command. This property is only shown as a result of the application of the **Get-NetAdapterPowermanagement** command, but it can not be established as a value to be configured.
```
